I thought Antonio David was winning.
Seriously too, eh, [ __ ] the truth is that
María Patio, the fake news got a little out of
hand. Damn, she claimed
that there was a trial, that she had seen
the cameras, I don't know what story. Yes, yes, there
on that wall, on that wall where Antonio had been
sticking the posters,
and then it was reaffirmed in the
next program that of course what happens is that
a lie would not be classified as something criminal, it
is not a crime, a lie. If
you are not charging him with a crime and of course
what the sentence says is good, in
any case, he is being charged with the
act of hanging posters to vitim, that is, they are
the crimes. María Patiño always said
that no more than two or three
posters were found. And the truth is that nobody showed
more than those that one could be true. Maybe they
put 500 out of two or three